Integrate spring auto config (#25)
solacecommunity/spring-boot-starter-solace-client-config: README.md

# spring-boot-starter-solace-client-config

This starter enables the Solace configuration to use certificates and private keys in the PEM format. As PEM is just a text format,
it can be easily passed to the application configuration directly from an environment variable or configuration files such as `.yaml` or
`.properties`. Loading certificates and private keys in the `.jks` format from the file system is no longer necessary.
This project provides Spring Boot Auto-Configuration and an associated Spring Boot Starter for the Solace Java API. 
The goal of this project is to make it easy to auto wire the Solace Java API within your application so you can take advantage 
of all the benefits of Spring Boot auto-configuration.

## Spring Cloud Version Compatibility

Consult the table below to determine which version you need to use:

| spring-boot-starter-solace-client-config | Spring Boot | sol-jcsmp |
|------------------------------------------|-------------|-----------|

> | 1.1.2                                    | 3.5.8       | 10.29.0   |

Reviewer: Add a new version keeping the 1.1.2 history

<dependency>
    <groupId>community.solace.spring.boot</groupId>
    <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-solace-client-config</artifactId>
    <version>1.1.3</version>
</dependency>
```

## Overview

As stated this project provides a Spring Boot Auto-Configuration implementation and a Spring Boot Starter pom for the Solace Java API. 
The goal of this project is to make it easier to use the Solace Java API with Spring Boot auto-configuration through the `@Autowired` annotation.

The artifacts are published to Maven Central so it should be familiar and intuitive to use this project in your applications.

One item to note as described below is that this project introduces a new factory for Solace Java API sessions: `SpringJCSMPFactory`. 

> Overtime the Solace Java API may introduce a similar factory and remove the need for this custom extension. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the future, the Solace Java API may introduce a similar factory and remove the need for this custom extension. 

```
